Back in the application we build for the first lectures of this course with our cockpit anti-survival
element component where using output and input to pass data around our own custom property and event
binding.
Now in the cockpit right now I'm using data mining to get the server name and content.
Now there is nothing wrong with that but maybe we don't need to use two way data binding since I only
want you save we're used to data at the point of time I click the button.
The ad server already adds a blueprint button.
It won't be enough to get the value of the input.
At this point of time and there is a nice way we can achieve just that.
So all duplicate this and comment out the old solution and now all structure it out over a couple of
lines and remove the two were binding there and the other option we would have is to place a local reference
on that element a local reference can be placed on any HMO element.
So not only on the input element on anything you see here in the template and you add with a hash tag
and then a name of your choice like for example server name since this is well what this reference will
hold a reference to this element.
So maybe server name input.
Now important this reference as I just set will hold a reference to this element.
So not to devalue we entered there to the whole HVM element with all its properties.
We can see this if we pass this now as an argument when we click add server on AD server.
Here I can pass server name input because the important thing you need to know about reference's besides
how to create them is that you can use them everywhere in your template but important only they're not
inside your typescript code only in the template.
But we do call them effort here inside the template of course.
So here we can use server name input and that is a way how we can pass it to the types of code because
in on AD server we now know that we will receive the name in port.
You could also name it server name and put.
And if we log this we can analyze what this actually means what we actually got here.
So let's save this and let our app reload.
And now if I test something and enter something here and I click and server Of course this was broken
here does it's broken because we're not fetching the data correctly right now.
You see we actually get the input element itself.
So this is the element we got here.
That is what the local reference gives us the element with all its properties.
So here we could alter the output value the value of this input since we know that the input element
has a value.
And of course this will depend on which kind of element you placed your local reference on.
Not all elements have the same properties.
So if does if we try this again you'll see we now print test because we access the value off as input
to which we got access from local reference.
So local references a very nice feature to get access to some elements in your template and then use
that either directly in the template.
You could also outpoured server name input value here or you can pass it on like we do to use the typescript
code a nice and handy feature.
Now with that being passed we can use that year to not only lock our data to the console but instead
of once we define it.
Once you create a server we could access name input value and we should be explicit about the type.
We know that this will be a small input element.
So we know that this value property will be there the same kind of course be done on the blueprint but
we can always replace this news server name with name input and then value.
And with that we can get rid of new server name we don't need it anymore.
I will comment it out so that we still have it there for reference.
But the new approach now only uses does local reference.
Now for this to work we of course also need to pass this reference to our own Ed blueprint method.
So these are local references.